Remove the references of workerlatencyprofile status (#1108)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/worker-latency-profile/worker-latency-profile.md

    // Default values of relavent Kubelet, Kube Controller Manager and Kube API Server
    Default WorkerLatencyProfileType = "Default"
)
```

### Status Updates

The progress of the WorkerLatencyProfile rollout can be tracked in the following ways.

> * The Machine Config Operator generates events incase of any rollout failures. The "worker" machine config pool gets updated incase of a successful WorkerLatencyProfile rollout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Machine Config Operator generates events in case of any rollout failures. The "worker" machine config pool gets updated in case of a successful WorkerLatencyProfile rollout.
```

Author: Thanks, Addressed
